The Joe Rogan experience. Like you might find this hard to believe,
but I never talked growing up.
I was the kid in the corner and like girls would form groups and talk about
which guy they want to. And I wouldn't even be there like Dave,
Dave sitting right there. And they're like, yeah, he's not even,
he's not even on the roster. And I'm like, so I, I, I go, wait,
is this racist? Yeah. But what has it, how can I turn this around?
What it did for me,
the Asian superpower is if you're not seen and you're not heard and we're
seen as non-threatening, I can go anywhere. I can go anywhere.
And people open up to me. I've been to the Congo.
I've been to third world countries. I've been to every state in, in America.
I might be the most American person.
Like I've been to every state I've hitchhiked from the time I was 15 to
every state, every country. And I've talked and,
and because would a black eye be able to do that?
What a white guy be able to do that when people see, oh, that guy's Chinese,
he's like Jackie Chan or he's whatever they think they don't think that I'm
going to do anything or say anything, or I'm going to PR you know,
pose any threat. So they just open up and they say the most, I don't know,
like when I started hitchhiking, people said, no, one's going to pick you up.
Right? Like sixties, seventies, everyone hits.
And then something weird happened in the eighties where like,
you're going to get raped, kidnapped, murdered, you know? But I go,
I don't think so. I think if I put my thumb out and ask for help,
someone's going to give it to me. And with that,
I got to see the world for free.
I got to go everywhere and much,
like what, what happened was I would sit shotgun and, um,
I'm getting these free rides. And two things would happen either.
The driver has a long drive and they want someone to talk to,
or they want me to talk to them and something would happen in like
I'm in the car right now with a complete stranger. Anything could happen.
And the first hour is always small to how long you've been on the road.
What would you do? You know, it's all that kind of stuff.
Something switches when they know the rides about like,
I'm about to get out or whatever. I'm never going to see this guy again.
I'm never going to see this guy again.
So now we've been talking about new sports and weather for an hour.
Last 10 minutes. I my sister when I was 12. Whoa. Everything comes out.
So I've heard. Think about how many rides I've hit.
And was he, he was 12. How old was his sister? I.
Don't know if it's eight. I mean, everything, drugs, incest, you know,
I killed somebody like murder, a guy called tomorrow.
Confessions really? I've heard the most insane.
One at a time. Murder, confession.
I don't know if I should retell it. You definitely shouldn't be.
A guy confessed to me that he was thinking of raping me.
When I stayed at his house. Oh, Jesus.
Stayed at his house. You didn't just hitchhike. You hitch housed.
I was in a, I was in the deep south. I was in the deep south.
It was like my, I was trying to hitchhike from LA to, to New York city.
I was with my friend Brian and same thing. No,
one's going to pick up to two dudes.
And John Wayne picks us up cowboy guy, Tim, what are we? 10 gallon hat.
You know, you boys look, you know, hot out there,
get in the car.
And he's telling us about shrimp Po'Boys and you know, he's just,
he works on a, um, off shore, offshore oil rig. And,
uh, it's, uh, two weeks on, two weeks off. And it says two weeks off right now.
So he's like, where are you guys headed? And we're like,
we're just trying to get to New York, New York,
which you want to go there for a bunch of queers out there.
I don't know when we just want to check it out.
You guys want to stay at my house tonight. Like this guy looks like grandpa,
just cowboy boots, cowboy hat, just big gut.
Like he's a dude, right? I'm I'm young,
I'm 17 or 18 at this time we get to his house in, uh,
ah. This is what I'm talking about. Tiny town in, uh,
Louisiana deep south. Like we get in his house,
diehard movie collection, Rambo, movie collection, shotguns, and a
lube, just, just, just the dude, just a man's man.
And he has a, an insight in his part-time job is, uh,
anesthesia ologists that part-time anesthesia part-time and
then part-time offshore or oil rig. And, uh,
I am, you know, this is summertime deep,
south covered with like grease and mosquitoes living outside on the
road, hitchhiking. He's like, you guys want to take a shower? I'm like. Yeah,
I'm the first one in the shower. And uh, and then I come out,
I got the towel wrapped on.
He's like he made us like a frozen pizza or something and there's a protest on
the television. And so, uh, Sanford, this,
this is 1993 or 94. There's a protest of, uh,
something with gay people in, in San Francisco.
And there were protesting and he's watching it and I'm like, what? He's like,
I'm. You never see me out there protesting. And I'm like, oh. And then he,
and then my friend, Brian, who's covered in grease in 30.
He hasn't showered yet. And I'm like, oh.
And I started getting my clothes on and uh, you know, it's one thing to be gay.
And then it's one thing to be picked up by like a, you know, a big.
Gay guy with a cowboy hat and takes it to his house.
So, and, and, and here's the thing.
I don't want to discourage people from hitchhiking. This is one weird incident.
That's happened in like 15 years of hitchhiking. So he's like, Hey Brian,
why wants you? It's your turn? Why don't you take a shower? I'm okay. I'm sorry.
You're filthy. Don't you get in there? Take a shower. He's like, nah,
I'm all right. I'm okay. And I go, oh.
What do we do? You know, like do a little powwow in the corner. And he's like,
he's old. We can take him. If he tries anything, we're tired. We were so tired.
We're like, he's, he looks like he's. He was like falling asleep on his,
on his couch. And he goes up,
he's going to go to sleep soon. Let's just stay the night.
It's air conditioned in here.
And then let's leave first thing in the morning before he wakes up, like, okay,
it. Let's just do it. All right, boys, I'm gonna turn in. Like, yes.
So we S we take the couch and I go,
let's sleep in a formation and let's take turns. You see,
we should've just left. You go, you,
you stay up for an hour and then wake me up. I'll stay up for an hour.
And we'll just, and then we'll leave crack of Dawn. You know? Um,
I had a pocket knife, so I slept like this.
I took the knife and I put thing like this, and I slept like that.
And I stayed up for the first hour and I see his, him walking around his room.
The lights are on, and I'm like, this,
this guy is not going to sleep midnight one in the morning. He still I'm like,
what the? Why won't this guy go to sleep? Put in his masks.
So I nudged Brian. I go, Hey, it's your turn. I got, I got it.
I'm going to pass out. He's out. Cool. I'm like, dude,
man. I'm too tired. And I go.
Okay.
I'm just going to stay up the whole night. So I'm up. I'm like,
God guys are closing. Bring them back up again, gripping the knife.
And then sometime around five 30 in the morning or something
at my eyes are closed. But you know, when you feel someone, so he,
he comes out of his room and he's standing there and I could see, and then I,
oh. And then I gripped the knife and I go, this is it. This is it.
It's going to happen right now. And he just leaves,
he goes out the door.
And I go, oh. Yeah.
And then I wake up, Brian, I go, Brian, let's get the out of here. He's like,
what, what what's going on? He's like, dude, he just left. He's like, okay,
I'm going to take a shower then I'm like, what.
Are you talking about? He's like, he went to the.
Store or something like, he's not going to get some ducks.
He's not going to be back for a while. Let me, I'll just jump in and jump out.
I go, dude, let's just go right now. Like he was,
I don't know if he was jerking off or what, like he was, I had my eyes closed,
but he was standing right there and he's like, I'll be, I'll be quick.
So he runs in, takes a fast shower. We get our clothes on.
And like, just as we're walking out, he's like, Hey,
he's he like pulls in you guys leaving without saying, bye.
I just went to those market to get some eggs for breakfast and like, oh, dude.
So I'm like, I have the knife in my hand the whole time I go. Uh,
like it's that, that, uh, thing where I I'm a people pleaser, you know, like,
I'll even put my own life at risk.
Like this guy went to the store and got eggs for me, you know? Like, uh, yeah,
we'll have some eggs. So we go in
and the guy starts talking about, um,
his wife and how, um,
he works on this offshore oil rig with like a younger dude.
It's just two guys running this whole oil rig.
And the other guy just talks about how much he hates gay people the whole time.
Not knowing that this guy is wow. And, um,
and then he just like, like, uh, like all the other times I've been picked up,
it starts opening up about how he was married.
He has a bunch of children and then he figured out he was gay. And uh,
and then he was like, Hey, I could see it. He, he knows we're on our way out.
He's never going to see us. Let's just let it on you.
You boys look so cute on the side of the road there last night. And it was like,
I was so like, I I'm so lonely. I don't get to, you know,
you don't know what it's like to be a guy in the deep south. And, uh,
man, I, I, when I came out this morning and I saw you guys sleeping together,
you guys on the couch, he looks so beautiful and perfect. And I'm like,
oh my God, dude. And then he says,
I thought about just, you know, if you guys wouldn't mind,
if I just touched you a little bit and I'm like, what the? And you know,
once again, I froze. I'm like, oh yeah, yeah. Cool. Yeah. So, um, so I said,
yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna leave now. So we just booked it. And then, um,
all of his neighbors were black.
Like he would have like in a black neighborhood and like the houses are on
stilts because of the swamp land and whatever.
And I don't know if he's done this before, but as we ran out,
like I heard like the kids laughing and they're like, oh Tom,
they're trying to do it again. Or, and I'm like, oh.
Like this isn't the first time like, of course. And, um, look, man,
this is looking for hitchhikers. I've hitched, hike all over the world.
And that was the only time. Right. And so I.
Highly recommend. But.
Um, yeah,
what I was saying about being invisible is a lot of times people will
do this or say, Kate, come back, go back to where you come from.
Cause they're like, this is not going to do anything. And
that's just not the way the world works. You know,
like someone was explaining to me the other day that no one ever wins a war.
And I go, what are you talking about? When we come in, we blow up.
And then we take the it's like,
if you look at Germany and Japan, right?
It's two countries that are very small.
You look at a globe and you look at how small they are.
These are two countries that are very tiny,
that have tried to dominate every country around them. And Japan has started,
you know, the Germany starts every world war, right? And so you're like, oh,
but we won those wars, but we drive their cars. Now we drive Lexus. We drive,
they won in the end. And then you think of the soldiers that come home,
the PTSD, the drug addiction, the homelessness, it's like, look at our country.
Now it's like, did, did win. Like you won, like on the charts,
you look at the numbers. We took this town, we did this, we did that. And
when you with people, when you hurt someone, it stays with them forever.
Like it stays with them for a long time,
unless you have tools and different things to like work through those things,
which I I've been working on a lot, but yeah. Beat being,
oh. That's sorta racist that no one really thinks of me as a threat.
How can I turn that into an advantage? I'm going to travel the entire world.